Where have you been?
====================
As it has almost been a month, I am inclined to think that I have been away from
writing for too long. Since my last encounter on this blog I have been doing
some reading, thinking and discovering. All three of these intertwined has inspired
me to do something unthinkable. Now preprare yourselves...

A Blog Series
-------------
If you read this header above you have heard correct. I plan to write a blog
series on a specific way of thinking that I have developed to dictate much of my
thought process. It will be called *Interconnectedness* and will probably span about
3 posts or more depending on how well I am able to lay out my thoughts.

WTF is Interconnectedness?
--------------------------
Well to give you a little bit of an intro *Interconnectedness* is the label
I give to the approach I take in looking at almost everything in life. I have
a firm belief that everything and everyone in our universe is connected. Now this
initial premise is based off of my own experiences and discovery as well as research I have
done involving [Quantum Mechanics][QM]. It will be very important in beginning to
understand this particular way of thinking, and I'll leave the rest for the series.

Why do this?
------------
If you have read my first post, I give some implications into why I started this
blog in the first place. The point is to try and effectively express myself and
hopefully encourage others to do the same. Through this self expression I hope
to learn more about myself and be able to give that part of me to others. This
is why I feel this next series is so important. It will be me interrogating
myself in how I think and (ideally) coherently typing it in this 2-dimensional
text format.

Now if any of what I just vomited onto this page sounds interesting, look out
for my next post on the full introduction of *Interconnectedness*. I am pretty
excited for the challenge it will be and my only hope is that it will make
someone somewhere possibly think differently. Until next time.

[QM]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_mechanics
[Link]: https://jcruger.com
