New Blog, First Post
====================
Well hello there everyone. I am Jarrett Cruger, a 22 year old entrepreneur now
living in Brooklyn, NY. This blogging concept has been one of those things
I have been putting off but thanks to [hij1nx][hij1nx] and this simple blog
design, I was able to finally start.

Why Blog?
---------
This is actually a pretty interesting question. Why should you take the time to
write publicly to the landscape of the interwebs? Isn't everyone an ass hole who
criticizes your every thought and opinion? Well while this may be true, I think its
important to openly express yourself regardless of possible criticisms.

We live in a world where people are often too scared to voice their opinions. The social
anxiety can prevent people from being themselves both in person and on the
internet. So I suppose I write this today for that very principle and I hope
I can encourage more people to do it.

About me
--------
So I suppose I'll go a little more in depth into who I am since I believe in
that freedom of expression idea. Well first off I am a college dropout(shh don't
tell the school) with one year left. While many people usually do not understand
my reasoning, it is economically simple. I would rather not spend $60,000 to essentially
teach myself the material in our current broken education system. I saw it as a better investment to
pursue an idea and to learn by doing. And after these past 7 months, I have
confirmed this theory.

Next Steps
----------
I am currently at a crossroads of sorts in my life and that is kind of what has
brought me to Brooklyn. I have been living off zero income with family assistance
while working out of my co-founder's basement. While we have made good progress in
the 7 months working, our location and timing were not quite there. The
DC/Baltimore area is unfortunately in the dark ages of tech and the market is
not ready yet.

So what is a poor young entrepreneurial software developer to do?
My conclusion was to look for a job where I can keep advancing myself and my
skill set. I am a node.js enthusiast and firmy believe that javascript is the
future so I unfortunately have some limiting criteria. Node.js is still too new
for a lot of people in the tech world but the javascript takeover is imminent.

Self-Recap
----------
1. Write more Software (the [Open Source][github] kind)
2. Write better blog posts
3. Get a job writing node.js
4. Never stop learning

*drops mic*

[hij1nx]: http://twitter.com/hij1nx
[github]: http://github.com
